What's black's best move/line?

```chess
fen: 3rr1k1/pb3ppp/1p3n2/4q3/1PBN4/P4PP1/5Q1P/3RR1K1 b - - 0 1
orientation: black
```

This is a low rated (~1450) problem on chesstempo, but I got it wrong.

## Considering Qxd4
`Qxd4 Rxe8+ Nxe8 Rxd4` No!

## Considering Rxd4
If he recaptures with rook: `Rxd4 Rxd4 {he's up the exchange} Rxe1+ Qxe1 Rxe1+ {but we win a clean rook, putting us +3}`.

What if he takes queen with rook? `Rxd4 Rxe5 {he's up 5} Rxd1+ Kg2 Rxe5 {but we win both rooks}`.

He recaptures with queen: `Rxd4 Qxd4 {he's up the exchange} Qxd4+ Rxd4 {even queen trade} Rxe1+ {winning back the rook, putting us up a minor piece}`.

## Reflect, Extend
This only required 2.5 moves of calculation, but was still difficult.

With visualization, you might recognize patterns with only 1 move lookahead:
* `Qxd4 Rxd4` and no killer move to follow, NO!
* `Rxd4 Rxd4` and you have two attacks on e1 GOOD!
* `Rxd4 Rxe5` and he has two hanging rooks GOOD!
* `Rxd4 Qxd4` and you have a checking discovery with Qxd4+ GOOD! (hardest to see)

## On calculating material
An old technique I remember is to look at the pieces "when the smoke clears" and do the math then. There is QRRBN on both sides, so whatever pieces remain is the outcome. After Rxd5 Rxd5 Qxe1+ Qxe1 Rxe1+ we have a R and he has a N, so we're up the exchange.

When we're down the exchange, that's -2. When we're up the exchange, that's +2.

If we're down the exchange, but win a rook, that's +3. Right? If he gained a rook but paid a knight, then we get the rook back, he's just paid a knight.